{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 Welcome to Kanopi Studios,\'a0<NAME>!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
We are so excited you are joining us at Kanopi Studios!\uc0\u8232 \
I have preloaded a few handy things on your laptop. However, there are applications, etc that will require your Apple ID. So here are a few tips to get you started. It is totally up to you whether you use your personal Apple ID or\'a0set up\'a0a Kanopi-specific one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Account Management\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 In all things, please use Google authorization for sites and applications where possible. Please also use two factor authentication (TFA or multi-factor or whatever they call it) whenever possible. This ESPECIALLY applies to sites containing client IP such as Google Apps and GitHub.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Installed Applications\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 I\'92ve installed a few apps for you already. They include:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Chrome\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Firefox\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Opera\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 LastPass extension for all browsers (Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Opera)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Zoom - this is our video meeting application.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Zeplin - this lets you view CSS, style guides, etc for Sketch files that have are owned by the corporate account; create your own user with your Kanopi email address, and we can invite it to projects from there. For designs you create, I recommend uploading from your personal account, inviting the corporate user, and transferring ownership of your files.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Slack - our heavily-used chat client.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Harvest - I really prefer the desktop app; it makes time tracking much simpler.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Bartender - Just because. This lets you manage all those application icons in your nav bar.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Kap - Screen capture tool.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Google Backup and Sync - handy for syncing Google Drive. The expectation is that all your Kanopi files will be stored here.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Mac App Store\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 As I mention above, you\'92ll have to log in to iCloud to access the App Store and download these applications. Please also be sure to run updates on the core applications as well when you do.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 X Code ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12}}) - this contains an iOS simulator that\'92s helpful for reviewing sites.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 LastPass Mac App ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lastpass-password-manager-and-secure-vault/id926036361?mt=12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lastpass-password-manager-and-secure-vault/id926036361?mt=12}}) - if you\'92d like it. I have already installed the browser extensions for you.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 For Creatives:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Adobe Creative Suite\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 I have added a license for you to Adobe. You\'92ll need to get set up with your Kanopi address on Adobe Cloud and you should be able to access everything from there. There is an email waiting for you in your inbox; let me know if you run into problems!\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Adobe Creative Cloud\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 I\'92ve installed the Creative Cloud app. Log in to Adobe Cloud and you should be able to access everything from there. Let me know if you run into problems!\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Sketch\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 I have preinstalled Sketch for you. You will probably have to remove it from your current laptop and then reenter your license key, as we have a limited number of seats. For now, this is running the trial version.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Helpful Bookmarks\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Without knowing your browser of choice, I didn\'92t set these up in advance. But here are a useful set of default bookmarks. These represent the majority of the sites you\'92ll use on a daily basis at Kanopi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Kanopi Studios -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kanopistudios.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.kanopistudios.com/}}\'a0- Our homepage!\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Teamwork -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kanopi.teamwork.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://kanopi.teamwork.com/}}\'a0- Our project management application.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Google Apps\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Drive -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://drive.google.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://drive.google.com/}}\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Gmail -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mail.google.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://mail.google.com/}}\'a0\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Inbox (zero-inbox oriented alternative) -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://inbox.google.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://inbox.google.com/}}\'a0\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Docs -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://docs.google.com/}}\'a0-\'a0Note\'a0that we do have a lot of templates, so when you create a new document, that\'92s the best place to start.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Sheets -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sheets.google.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sheets.google.com/}}\'a0- Same thing here; be sure to check out the template gallery.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 UXPin -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app.uxpin.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://app.uxpin.com/}}\'a0- This is the primary application we use for wire framing. You don\'92t need your own account; credentials are in LastPass.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 LucidChart -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.lucidchart.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.lucidchart.com/}}\'a0- This is the primary application we use for flowcharting, entity relationship diagrams, and sitemaps. Credentials are in LastPass; you will have to select the \'93login with password\'94 option on the login screen to get to the right\'a0setup.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Harvest -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kanopistudios.harvestapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://kanopistudios.harvestapp.com/}}\'a0- Our time tracking application.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Forecast -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://forecastapp.com/767300"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://forecastapp.com/767300}}\'a0- Forecast is our resourcing application. We don\'92t use it as much as we should. You\'92ll need to be\'a0set up\'a0with your own account if you haven\'92t been already; Darlyne can help you with this.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 BrowserStack -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.browserstack.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.browserstack.com/}}\'a0- good option for cross-browser testing. Credentials are in LastPass.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 GitHub - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/kanopi/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/kanopi/}} - we have a wiki at /kanopi/admin/wiki/ with all our dev standards and goodies.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Pantheon - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.pantheon.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://dashboard.pantheon.io/}} - about 40% of our business is on Pantheon. If you\'92re not already in our org, let me know!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Quality Assurance Testing\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Some of the team use BrowserStack for cross-browser testing (mentioned above). Some, like myself, prefer to work in virtual machines. I am happy to help get you set up with VirtualBox and some default Windows images if you prefer to use that sort of environment. Let me know if so and I\'92ll help you get them installed.\
\
OR\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Quality Assurance Testing\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Some of the team use BrowserStack for cross-browser testing (mentioned above). Some, like myself, prefer to work in virtual machines. I have installed VirtualBox for you. For Windows VMs, I recommend downloading them from the MS Developer platform (I get there from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://modern.ie"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://modern.ie}}). Save a pre-init snapshot in case you need it(as the Windows VMs expire every 90 days).\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Developer Tools\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 I\'92ve set you up with some preliminary dev tools, installed via Homebrew where available. The following are installed:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Xcode command line tools\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}GIt\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Ruby\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Wget\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 ImageMagick\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Terminus\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 WP-CLI\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 iTerm2\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 PHPStorm\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 VirtualBox\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Docksal\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Node\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 NPM\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Grunt\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Gulp\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Bundler\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Composer\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 PHPCS (I have preconfigured standards for Drupal and WordPress)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Please reach out with any questions!\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 And welcome aboard!
\f1\b0 \
\uc0\u8232 \
~ Kat >^..^<\
\'97\
Director of Engineering\
Kanopi Studios\
}